We thank the referee for a constructive report. Below, the referee's comments are indented with ">>>" and our responses immediately follow. We have made changes to the paper text and flagged these changes by coloring the text purple.

Note that we have added 4 new authors to the manuscript: As this is an SDSS collaboration paper, I am following the SDSS collaboration policy, which lets survey architects join on to a paper if they contributed significantly to the survey. The new authors are scientists who contributed significantly to the APOGEE survey, and joined on to the paper after submission.


>>> Sect. 2.2: the renormalization of the error bars in Eq. (1) is critical for the work presented here. The listed reference Brown+ for this equation is indicated as being in preparation. It would be important to give a summary of the reasons for adopting this expression that significantly increases the uncertainties.

The cause of the systematics are not fully known, but this has been noted empirically by Cottaar et al. 2014 and Badenes et al. 2018 by looking at the statistical properties of the visit velocity measurements of stars that should be stable (from a radial velocity perspective). The form of the equation is assumed: This equation enforces a "floor" to the visit-velocity errors and allows them to be increased or decreased by a multiplicative factor that scales with the pipeline-reported error value itself. We have added text to the data subsection to explain these decisions.


>>> Sect. 5, Eq. (5): What is the influence of the choice of renormalization of the velocity error bars (Eq. (1)) on the log-likelihood value ?

Generically, because the velocity error bars are all increased, this will tend to "flatten" the likelihood values, but the exact value of the likelihood could increase or decrease depending on the data and the parameter values being evaluated. The main implication of the updated error bars is that the samplings for each source will be more conservative, and generally more multi-modal than they would be if we had used the uncorrected (i.e., smaller) error bars.


>>> Sect. 5.1: The range of effective temperatures for the gold sample appear limited: why not consider, e.g., 3000 to 10000 K or more ? The chosen limits should in general be better justified in the text.

The 8000 K limit was an arbitrary round number: the hottest star we have after the other cuts is ~7300 K, but we have extended this range to 10000 K in the text.

On the other end, while the new APOGEE MARCS grids go to ~3000 K, there are very few stellar parameter calibrators below 3500 K (on the main sequence or giant branch), so the stellar parameters noticeably become less precise down there (see, e.g., Figure 3 in the SDSS DR16 paper https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.02905). All of that said, there are only 8 stars that pass the other cuts with TEFF < 3500, so there is not much to gain (in numbers of binary systems) by adding these in to the sample. We have added a footnote to justify this choice.


>>> Sect. 6.1, Fig. 5 and text: The distinction between the "binary fraction" and the "fraction of detected binaries" is not always sufficiently clear. For instance, the upper left panel of Fig. 5 could be interpreted as an increasing sensitivity of the radial velocity detection technique as a function of log g (from 0.8 to 3.5), rather than an increase in binary fraction. Higher log g stars may also be (for example) generally nearer and brighter (in terms of apparent magnitude) in the survey sample than the giants, resulting in a higher RV accuracy and sensitivity to companions. This could induce an "artificial" higher binary fraction. This is likely not the case, but in the current text this is difficult to apprehend. It would be informative to take advantage of the relatively large sample of targets to determine the sensitivity of the binary detection technique as a function of different parameters. As rightly mentioned in Sect. 7.2: "any real understanding of the binary fraction (...) will require a model of the APOGEE selection function". The last sentence in the caption of Fig. 5 is unclear and should be better explained.

These are all good points; this requires emphasis and attention. To emphasize this we put quotation marks around "binary fraction" on the plot labels, and the point that it is the observed fraction is indicated in the caption. We agree that it would be great to understand the full selection function, but we consider this to be out of scope for the current contribution. Instead, we emphasized the difference between binary fraction and observed binary fraction in many locations in the text, including the conclusion summary. We also fixed the last sentence of this figure caption to be totally unambiguous, and to further emphasize this point.


>>> Fig. 5, right panel: the chosen color scale is difficult to read (particularly in print), as well as the colors for the plotted isochrones. I also suspect that this choice of color scales will be a problem for color-blind readers.

The colormap was chosen to be colorblind-friendly, but we agree that the isochrones are hard to read over the background. We have therefore adopted an alternate colorblind-friendly color scheme that prints to grayscale more gracefully.


>>> Sect. 6.1, Fig. 6: The rather low binary fraction found for solar metallicity dwarfs (around 0.07) seems in contradiction with other works (related, e.g. to exoplanet research). It would be important to further review the literature and evaluate if this is due to a limited sensitivity of the present wurvey, or to different definitions of binarity (e.g., in terms of minimum companion mass).

As noted elsewhere in the text and above, the binary fraction here is really the "observed" binary fraction, not the intrinsic binary fraction estimated from correcting for selection effects and detection efficiency. The constant offset or normalization of the trend is therefore set by the survey and our selection criteria. We put the phrase "binary fraction" in quotations to emphasize this, and added a sentence to the figure caption to reiterate that this is the uncorrected binary fraction.


>>> Sect. 6.2, Fig. 7: The figures are quite difficult to read, both in print and on screen.

We have added more explicit axis titles to explain the samples plotted in each panel, and made the points larger in both panels.


>>> Sect. 6.2, last sentence: This hypothesis appears speculative considering the uncertainties displayed in the histograms of Fig. 8.

We have added the qualification that "asteroseismic observations would be required to test this hypothesis".


>>> Sect. 6.3: The identification of possible companions with higher masses than the primary is an interesting result of the study. But considering that they are almost not discussed in the text, proposing that they are compact objects (or even black hole) candidates in the text and in the abstract is premature. I would suggest to change the phrasing of the abstract and text in this respect, unless a more argumented discussion is added to the paper. A separate paper is listed as in preparation on this topic, and the proposed identifications could also be simply postponed to this work.

We believe that we have been responsible in that we have only referred to these systems as "candidates," and we mainly mention these systems to build interest in helping to monitor and reobserve these systems to fully determine their properties. We have added two sentences to the relevant bullet point in the conclusions to re-emphasize this point.


>>> Fig. 10 and 11: These candidate detections are nice, congratulations ! But how unique are the parameters ? For instance, in the upper panels of Fig. 11: what excludes a RV curve with a twice lower amplitude and a twice shorter period ? After a quick check on Vizier of 2MASSJ13090983+1711572, in Price-Whelan+ (2018), this same system had a period of 14.3 days, and a semi-amplitude of 45 km/s, which is about half of the new estimate. The reliability of the parameter estimates should be better justified.

We agree that the discrepancy with this system is surprising and interesting, so we have added a subsection to the discussion to discuss the stability of the posterior samplings. Here, we note that cases like the one you highlight can arise when data changes between data releases (as data reduction pipelines are modified) or as new data are added into the analysis. We thank the referee for pointing this out, and we believe that this has led to an improved discussion!


>>> Sect. 6.4: it would be useful to explain in more details the concept of "hierarchical modeling of binary-star populations". At the end of Sect. 6.4, it is stated that "Further analysis should assess the impact of selection effects and detection efficiency (...)", which is true. The analysis is presented as an example application, which is fine, but it is not yet sufficiently robust to be claimed as an astrophysical result in my opinion.

We have added some text and restructured the beginning of this section to add some more motivation behind the concept of performing hierarchical inferences.

We have also added a sentence to the end of this section to re-emphasize that the result of the demonstrative hierarchical inference shown in this section is not meant to be a key astrophysical result of the paper.


>>> Sect. 7.1: This section would be better placed in the Methods section (Sect. 3), as it describes the intrinsic limitations of the adopted hypotheses. This would allow the reader to interpret more objectively the candidate detections.

We have moved this subsection up to the end of the methods section.


>>> Pulsation (and other types of intrinsic radial velocity variability) often induce a photometric variability. This is in principle easy to observe in the data from multi-epochs global surveys as Gaia, or even the SDSS (of which APOGEE is part). As a suggestion, the authors may consider the possibility to cross check the photometric variability of the APOGEE DR16 sources and flag the variable stars in their catalog. The "simple line" radial velocity model that they adopt relies on the "simplicity" of the sources, and a photometric variability could indicate an unreliable record (for different reasons).

We agree - thanks for the suggestion! However, we consider this outside of the scope of this paper and is something we will investigate in future work.


>>> Sect. 7.4: The sentence "This can be done by repeating the rejection sampling (...)" is unclear.

We completely re-wrote the latter part of that paragraph. We hope it
is much clearer now.


>>> Sect. 8: The nature of M2>M1 detections as compact objects is questionable and I suggest to adopt a more prudent phrasing. From the available data, they could possibly be hierarchical triple stellar systems with pairs of relatively low mass stellar companions mimicking high mass secondaries, pulsating stars, or instabilities in the parameter computation (as for 2MASSJ13090983+1711572)
Following the same reasoning, the very low mass objects could be close to face-on inclination, stellar mass companions. On a purely statistical basis, this seems quite plausible.

In the text and in figure titles and captions, we always precede the terms "compact objects," "black holes," or "brown dwarfs" with the word "candidate." We do not claim that these systems are compact objects or brown dwarfs, but they are excellent candidates that should motivate future follow-up efforts to determine their nature. We believe we have fairly captured this sentiment in the abstract, paper text, figure captions, and conclusions.


>>> Suggestion: the signature of binarity in the Gaia DR2 using a combination of Hipparcos and Gaia astrometry has been studied, e.g., by Brandt (2018, ApJS 239, 31) and Kervella+ (2019, A&A 623, A72). Although the overlap with the APOGEE sources may be small, in some cases a cross-identification with this distinct approach to binarity could be valuable. Even if not implemented in this catalog, the possibility of a combined use of these data sets could be suggested in the text. The coming Gaia DR3 will bring a valuable basis for the validation of the APOGEE candidate companions.

We agree that this is an exciting and interesting line of research! However, there are a sufficient number of subtleties such that we feel that this is beyond the scope of this paper. For example, of the 21 systems in our Gold Sample that also appear in the Brandt/Kervella catalogs, all have periods much shorter than the time baseline over which the astrometric acceleration is estimated. However, we agree that this should provide some additional constraints on the orbits of these systems and this should absolutely be investigated in future work.


Typos:
>>> Sect. 6.2, line 4: part of sentence is missing.

Fixed.

>>> Fig. 12, caption: from (Kipping

Fixed.

>>> end of Sect. 7.2: log g compared to 1 km/s

Fixed.
